README.md, before:

# Run the Laravel scheduler without relying on cron

[![Latest Version on Packagist](https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/spatie/laravel-cronless-schedule.svg?style=flat-square)](https://packagist.org/packages/spatie/laravel-cronless-schedule)
![Tests](https://github.com/spatie/laravel-cronless-schedule/workflows/Tests/badge.svg)
![Psalm](https://github.com/spatie/laravel-cronless-schedule/workflows/Psalm/badge.svg)
[![Total Downloads](https://img.shields.io/packagist/dt/spatie/laravel-cronless-schedule.svg?style=flat-square)](https://packagist.org/packages/spatie/laravel-cronless-schedule)

[Laravel's native scheduler](https://laravel.com/docs/master/scheduling) relies on cron to be executed every minute. It's rock solid and in most cases you should stick to using it.

If you want to simulate the scheduler running every minute in a test environment, using cron can be cumbersome. This package provides a command to run the scheduler every minute, without relying on cron. Instead it uses a [ReactPHP](https://reactphp.org) loop.

This is how you can start the cronless schedule:

```bash
php artisan schedule:run-cronless
```

This command will never end. Behind the scenes it will execute `php artisan schedule` every minute.

This fork provides access to the original package with support for PHP 7.3+.

Please be aware that Windows is not supported but WSL can be used.

## Support us

This package was created by Spatie so please support them for all their hard work below.

Learn how to create a package like this one, by watching a Spatie premium video course:

[![Laravel Package training](https://spatie.be/github/package-training.jpg)](https://laravelpackage.training)

Spatie invest a lot of resources into creating [best in class open source packages](https://spatie.be/open-source). You can support us by [buying one of our paid products](https://spatie.be/open-source/support-us).

Spatie highly appreciate you sending a postcard from your hometown, mentioning which of their package(s) you are using. You'll find the address on [their contact page](https://spatie.be/about-us). Spatie publish all received postcards on [their virtual postcard wall](https://spatie.be/open-source/postcards).

## Installation

You can install the package via composer. Probably you only want to use this schedule in a development environment.

```bash
composer require mrurlwin/laravel-cronless-schedule --dev
```

## Usage

This is how you can start the cronless schedule:

```bash
php artisan schedule:run-cronless
```

By default, it will run every minute.

### Manually triggering a run

To perform an extra run of the scheduler, just press enter.

### Using an alternative frequency

If you want to run the scheduler at another frequency, you can pass an amount of seconds to the `frequency` option. Here is an example where the schedule will be run every 5 seconds.

```bash
php artisan schedule:run-cronless --frequency=5
```

### Using another command

If you want to run another command instead of the scheduler, just can pass it to the `command` option. Here is an example where another command will be run every 5 seconds.

```bash
php artisan schedule:run-cronless --command=your-favorite-artisan-command
```

### Only run the schedule for a certain period

By default, the command will run forever. You can shorten that period by passing an amount of seconds to the `stop-after-seconds` option.

In this example we'll stop the command after 5 seconds

```bash
php artisan schedule:run-cronless --stop-after-seconds=5
```

## Testing

``` bash
composer test
```

## Changelog

Please see [CHANGELOG](CHANGELOG.md) for more information on what has changed recently.

## Contributing

Please see [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md) for details.

## Security

If you discover any security related issues, please email freek@spatie.be instead of using the issue tracker.

## Credits

- [Freek Van der Herten](https://github.com/freekmurze)
- [All Contributors](../../contributors)

## License

The MIT License (MIT). Please see [License File](LICENSE.md) for more information.

Commit message:

Update readme with fork info

README.md, after:

# Run the Laravel scheduler without relying on cron

[![Latest Version on Packagist](https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/spatie/laravel-cronless-schedule.svg?style=flat-square)](https://packagist.org/packages/spatie/laravel-cronless-schedule)
![Tests](https://github.com/spatie/laravel-cronless-schedule/workflows/Tests/badge.svg)
![Psalm](https://github.com/spatie/laravel-cronless-schedule/workflows/Psalm/badge.svg)
[![Total Downloads](https://img.shields.io/packagist/dt/spatie/laravel-cronless-schedule.svg?style=flat-square)](https://packagist.org/packages/spatie/laravel-cronless-schedule)

## Fork

This is a fork of the Spatie package [spatie/laravel-cronless-schedule](https://github.com/spatie/laravel-cronless-schedule) with support for PHP 7.3. If you don't need support for this version of PHP, please use the Spatie package.

[Laravel's native scheduler](https://laravel.com/docs/master/scheduling) relies on cron to be executed every minute. It's rock solid and in most cases you should stick to using it.

If you want to simulate the scheduler running every minute in a test environment, using cron can be cumbersome. This package provides a command to run the scheduler every minute, without relying on cron. Instead it uses a [ReactPHP](https://reactphp.org) loop.

This is how you can start the cronless schedule:

```bash
php artisan schedule:run-cronless
```

This command will never end. Behind the scenes it will execute `php artisan schedule` every minute.

This fork provides access to the original package with support for PHP 7.3+.

Please be aware that Windows is not supported but WSL can be used.

## Support Spatie

This package was created by Spatie so please support them for all their hard work below.

Learn how to create a package like this one, by watching a Spatie premium video course:

[![Laravel Package training](https://spatie.be/github/package-training.jpg)](https://laravelpackage.training)

Spatie invest a lot of resources into creating [best in class open source packages](https://spatie.be/open-source). You can support them by [buying one of their paid products](https://spatie.be/open-source/support-us).

Spatie highly appreciate you sending a postcard from your hometown, mentioning which of their package(s) you are using. You'll find the address on [their contact page](https://spatie.be/about-us). Spatie publish all received postcards on [their virtual postcard wall](https://spatie.be/open-source/postcards).

## Installation

You can install the package via composer. Probably you only want to use this schedule in a development environment.

```bash
composer require mrurlwin/laravel-cronless-schedule --dev
```

## Usage

This is how you can start the cronless schedule:

```bash
php artisan schedule:run-cronless
```

By default, it will run every minute.

### Manually triggering a run

To perform an extra run of the scheduler, just press enter.

### Using an alternative frequency

If you want to run the scheduler at another frequency, you can pass an amount of seconds to the `frequency` option. Here is an example where the schedule will be run every 5 seconds.

```bash
php artisan schedule:run-cronless --frequency=5
```

### Using another command

If you want to run another command instead of the scheduler, just can pass it to the `command` option. Here is an example where another command will be run every 5 seconds.

```bash
php artisan schedule:run-cronless --command=your-favorite-artisan-command
```

### Only run the schedule for a certain period

By default, the command will run forever. You can shorten that period by passing an amount of seconds to the `stop-after-seconds` option.

In this example we'll stop the command after 5 seconds

```bash
php artisan schedule:run-cronless --stop-after-seconds=5
```

## Testing

``` bash
composer test
```

## Changelog

Please see [CHANGELOG](CHANGELOG.md) for more information on what has changed recently.

## Contributing

Please see [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md) for details.

## Security

If you discover any security related issues, please email freek@spatie.be instead of using the issue tracker.

## Credits

- [Freek Van der Herten](https://github.com/freekmurze)
- [All Contributors](../../contributors)

## License

The MIT License (MIT). Please see [License File](LICENSE.md) for more information.
